Adding access mode info in storage classes (#837)
opendatahub-io/opendatahub-documentation: modules/configuring-storage-class-settings.adoc

= Configuring storage class settings 

[role='_abstract']

> As an {productname-short} administrator, you can manage {openshift-platform} cluster storage class settings for usage within {productname-short}, including the display name, description, access modes, and whether users can use the storage class when creating or editing cluster storage. These settings do not impact the storage class within {openshift-platform}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an {productname-short} administrator, you can manage the following {openshift-platform} cluster storage class settings for use within {productname-short}:
* Display name
* Description
* Access modes
* Whether users can use the storage class when creating or editing cluster storage

These settings do not impact the storage class within {openshift-platform}.
```

. Optional: In the *Display Name* field, update the name for the storage class. This name is used only in {productname-short} and does not impact the storage class within {openshift-platform}.
. Optional: In the *Description* field, update the description for the storage class. This description is used only in {productname-short} and does not impact the storage class within {openshift-platform}.
. For storage classes that support multiple access modes, select an *Access mode* to define how the volume can be accessed. For more information, see __About storage classes__. 
+
Only the access modes that have been enabled for the storage class by your cluster administrator are available for selection.
+
* `ReadWriteOnce (RWO)`: (Default) The storage can be attached to a single workbench at a given time.
* `ReadWriteMany (RWX)`: The storage can be attached to many workbenches simultaneously.

> * `ReadOnlyMany (ROX)`: The storage can be attached to many workbenches as read-only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ReadOnlyMany (ROX)`: The storage can be attached to many workbenches in read-only mode.
```

> * `ReadWriteOncePod (RWOP)`: The storage can be attached to a single pod on a single node as read-write.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ReadWriteOncePod (RWOP)`: The storage can be attached to a single pod on a single node in read-write mode.
```

. Optional: In the *Display Name* field, update the name for the storage class. This name is used only in {productname-short} and does not impact the storage class within {openshift-platform}.
. Optional: In the *Description* field, update the description for the storage class. This description is used only in {productname-short} and does not impact the storage class within {openshift-platform}.
. For storage classes that support multiple access modes, select an *Access mode* to define how the storage can be used. For more information, see __About storage classes__. 
+

> The available access modes depend on what your cluster and {productname-short} administrators have enabled for the storage class:

Reviewer 2: `Only the access modes that have been enabled for the storage class by your cluster and {productname-short} administrators are visible.`

+
* `ReadWriteOnce (RWO)`: (Default) The storage can be attached to a single workbench at a given time.
* `ReadWriteMany (RWX)`: The storage can be attached to many workbenches simultaneously.
* `ReadOnlyMany (ROX)`: The storage can be attached to many workbenches as read-only.
* `ReadWriteOncePod (RWOP)`: The storage can be attached to a single pod on a single node as read-write.
+

> NOTE: Access mode is a Kubernetes concept that determines how nodes can interact with the volume. Users can create storage using enabled access modes. The OpenShift storage class determines which access modes (RWO, RWX, ROX and RWOP) are supported by default.

Reviewer 2: Delete line 32
